Feature/field value custom resolver (#2)
UpliftAgency/django-easy-audit: README.md

  superuser. Set this to `True` if you wish to make the recorded events read-only through the admin
  UI.

> * `DJANGO_EASY_AUDIT_FIELD_VALUE_RESOLVER_MAP`
> 
>   By default, most fields use `smart_str` when computing the field value for the Changed Fields. This allows for custom values.
>   An example would be `DJANGO_EASY_AUDIT_FIELD_VALUE_RESOLVER_MAP: {models.ForeignKey: handle_foreign_key}`
>   All function get 2 arguments: the object and the field. `handle_foreign_key(obj, field)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `DJANGO_EASY_AUDIT_FIELD_VALUE_RESOLVER_MAP`
  `easyaudit` uses `smart_str` for field values by default, with the exception of DateTimeField. `DJANGO_EASY_AUDIT_FIELD_VALUE_RESOLVER_MAP` extends the ability to customize field values to more fields. The resolver map should be a map of class -> field value resolver. The field value resolver fn will be provided the object and the field.
  
  An example of the usefulness would be customizing value of FK. Instead of calling `__str__` on the instance, we might want the PK instead.
  
    def resolve_fk_value(object, field):
        return object.pk
  
    DJANGO_EASY_AUDIT_FIELD_VALUE_RESOLVER_MAP = {
        ForeignKey: resolve_fk_value
    }
```

Reviewer: @IulianCrudu You might need to tweak my example, or anything else
